Update CHANGELOG.md (#16774)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google: CHANGELOG.md

* **New Data Source:** `google_logging_project_settings` ([#16658](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/16658))
* **New Data Source:** `google_vmwareengine_network_policy` ([#16639](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/16639))
* **New Data Source:** `google_vmwareengine_nsx_credentials` ([#16669](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/16669))
* **New Resource:** `google_scc_event_threat_detection_custom_module` ([#16649](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/16649))
* **New Resource:** `google_secure_source_manager_instance` ([#16637](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/16637))
* **New Resource:** `google_vmwareengine_network_policy` ([#16639](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/16639))

IMPROVEMENTS:
* bigqueryconnection: added `spark` support to `google_bigquery_connection` resource ([#16677](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/16677))
* cloudidentity: added `expiry_detail` field to `google_cloud_identity_group_membership` resource ([#16643](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/16643))

> * container: promoted `autoscaling_profile` to GA in the `cluster_autoscaling` block in `google_container_cluster` resource ([#16653](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/16653))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* container: added `autoscaling_profile` field in the `cluster_autoscaling` block in `google_container_cluster` resource ([#16653](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/16653))
```
